---
layout: post
title: "Sunway CISA October Orientation"
date: 2024-10-06
container: education
---

Under my scholarship terms and conditions, I was required to fulfil a certain amount of service hours. With the support of our Sunway Chinese Independent School Alumni (CISA) club, I was fortunate enough to be given the opportunity to participate in the club's October Orientation Event in the Secretary/Treasurer position, part of the organising committee of this event. With the company of my close friend Nicholas, who is also my fellow coursemate, we joined without much expectations on July only to find 3 months further down the line, we had a productive and memorable time that enriched our university lives in ways we did not expect.  

Throughout the preparation of the event, there were many ups and downs, as we had different opinions on the execution of the event etc. Despite these hurdles, we as the organising committee maintained our professionalism and worked out our differences, working hard every day just to achieve our targeted progress in our respective departments.  

In the end, the event turned out to be a great success. Ultimately, I gained leadership skills and communication skills on how to function as a team. In the meantime, I met some of my university buddies in this event Kah Ken & Wei Jin, from Foon Yew Kulai High School, Johor Bahru. We supported each other throughout the event, and maintained our close friendship even after the event ends, through frequent badminton sessions given that we share the same love for the sport. 

Still am thankful for all the encounters during this journey. 

